README.md, before:

# DevNet Open NX-OS Sandbox

Here you will find Sample Code, Scripts and Information for use in the DevNet [Open NX-OS Sandbox]().  

![](readme_images/sbx-nxos-base-topology.png)

[DevNet Sandboxes](http://developer.cisco.com/sandbox) are all about providing an environment where developers can explore and test out whatever they are learning or working on.  But sometimes having a starting point, or inspiration can be helpful, and that's what this repository is all about.  

And should you develop some interesting code targeting the Sandbox and want to share with the community, we'd love to include it here!!! Just fork the repo and review our Pull Request instructions.  

# Repo Resources 

## Ansible Playbooks

Ansible is a great technology for Configuraiton Management of the network, and we've provided some sample playbooks to take a look at.  Take a look at what's available here:  [ansible-playbooks/README.md](ansible-playbooks/README.md).  

## NX-API REST Examples

*Coming Soon!!!*

## Standard Model Driven Programmability with YANG

*Coming Soon!!!*

## Guest Shell Use Cases

*Coming Soon!!!*

Commit message:

Pull Request info and placeholders for other example types

README.md, after:

# DevNet Open NX-OS Sandbox

Here you will find Sample Code, Scripts and Information for use in the DevNet [Open NX-OS Sandbox]().  

![](readme_images/sbx-nxos-base-topology.png)

[DevNet Sandboxes](http://developer.cisco.com/sandbox) are all about providing an environment where developers can explore and test out whatever they are learning or working on.  But sometimes having a starting point, or inspiration can be helpful, and that's what this repository is all about.  

And should you develop some interesting code targeting the Sandbox and want to share with the community, we'd love to include it here!!! Just fork the repo and review our [Pull Request instructions](pull-requests.md).  

# Repo Resources 

## Ansible Playbooks

Ansible is a great technology for Configuration Management of the network, and we've provided some sample playbooks to take a look at.  Take a look at what's available here:  [ansible-playbooks/README.md](ansible-playbooks/README.md).  

## NX-API REST Examples

Interested in using NX-API?  Checkout samples here: [nx-api/README.md](nx-api/README.md)

*Coming Soon!!!*

## Standard Model Driven Programmability with YANG

Looking for details on YANG Data Models and using NETCONF, RESTCONF, or gRPC with NX-OS?  Checkout samples here: [yang/README.md](yang/README.md)

*Coming Soon!!!*

## Guest Shell Use Cases

Want to run Linux utilities and apps on your Nexus devices?  Checkout samples here: [guestshell/README.md](guestshell/README.md)

*Coming Soon!!!*

## Other Use Cases

Interested in what else is possible?  Checkout ideas here: [other/README.md](other/README.md)

*Coming Soon!!!*
